There is a monster roaming the outskirts of the Gaia named Vulcor. It was an alien that was discovered via sonar countless centuries ago. The alien reacted to the signals sent from Gaia and began moving towards the planet. Upon arrival, cities began to be destroyed in the masses. Without sight, the Vulcor was found to only rely on magical auras other people radiated. This was found apparent quickly and for a long period, people went into hiding, and banning their own magical abilities. Over time underground civilizations were created, with backup plans if they were found by the creature. A massive city Hifa (eefa) held its own above being made a military town. If the creature would attack, they had enough resources to hold it back. Other towns managed using human sacrifice as a means to bait the creature to other areas. Still yet another civ Focussed with flying magic in order to levitate above the creature in order to avoid its attacks.

Populated thriving towns:
1. Strong city which fights monster back when it attempts to destroy it
2. Moderate city which sends people as sacrifices to the beast in order to be able to not worry about it
3. City deep under the ground connected to other cities which stay deep under ground to avoid the beast's senses
4. City within an ancient mirror that leads to another empty dimension. They constantly need to cross dimensions for resources
5. Neir town: Town around the mountains (a lot of them) which remains well hidden from the Vulcor.
6. Caravolthe: A set of caravans that constantly stay on the move so the monster can never reach them. The entire town moves when necessary
7. Hidden forest: a forest that you can't normally enter or leave. The town is magical and must use magic to find or leave.

Very small or abandoned towns
1. Exodus: City of scientists and people who use magic that found the Vulcor and lured it to Gaia thinking it might be benevolent

Eventually the beast disappeared and things returned to normal. The beast was actually taking the energy out of the planet though and if things continued that way, the world would have no more crops or anything. A group of people found this out and trapped him inside the planet with a series of seals that close a door. The seals must be reqacquired in order to reopen the door

Ways to deal with it.
1. Gather strong warriors and head to the core of the planet where the beast is feeding
2. Take over the beasts powers
3. Escape to a new planet
4. Upload everyone into a program
5. Let everyone live in a dream

Aldeen: trying to collect people to save them from death in a jar of magic. His hopes are to send the jar into space so to avoid death by the monster
Eifen: Trying to gather a team of strong people and collect the seals to open the door and fight the creature

Start in mystery forest when Eifen steals the seal. You embark on a quest to retrieve the seal